
OCEANA:
The idea of creating a unified western state was
developed by presedent Daniel Winton (served 2140-2145)
who helped amalgamate his country (the NCR) with the 3 
other major nations remaining on the north american continent:
New Alaska, the Midwest Union and New Vinland. Eventually
in 2146, the country expanded into New Victoria: a state 
comprising of the remains of Australia, Washington: The 
surviving remains of the US Government and Vichy: an 
amalgamation of the leftover european mainland.

However, oceana had stepped to far into eastern euroupe 
when at that point they bordered with the soviets, who 
were still angry at their demise 50 years before. 
Eventually they came into conflict with the 5 nations on 
earth, which started the 4th world war.
WORLD WAR 3:
After the worst economic depression and a civil war in 
the 2 largest superpowers, USA vs New Confederates, PR 
of China vs Taiwan, The stage was set for a rise in 
tensions over the 2060s and 2070s. Eventually it got to 
a point where the the word was in two camps, NATO or 
BRICS. War broke out in 2083 when Russian set foot into 
Kiev for the first time since 1991. For the rest of the 
2080s, it was nothing but war. By the 2090s, the war 
became nuculear, starting what we know today as the nuculear holocaust.
THE GREAT WAR:
In the 2090s, Pakistani forces had gotten only a few km 
from New Deli. After the city was evacuated, the Indian 
government decided to activate their last chance of 
survival.

July 1st 2091, Islamabad Pakistan is underneath a 20km 
high mushroom cloud, with this knowledge the remains of 
the government had decided to launch all of its nuculear 
arsenal at the Indian coastline. India struck back with 
at the rest of arabia, and as MAD goes, this eventually 
led to every last country obliterated and wiped of the 
face of the earth
COLORAN Z-FLU EPIDEMIC:
The Coloran Z-flu epidemic occoured between the years 
2071 - 2153. This took place while humanity suffered 
it's ecnomic depression. Since both of the economies 
were linked, the crash had led to a masive Coloran debt. 
With this, they could not afford to fight the epedemic 
in its early stages.

Z-flu is a type of influenza that is cross of the 
spanish flu with the rabies virus and infected it's 
patient zero in 2071. It now has vaccines but it is not 
fully eradicated.

Symptoms:
Stage I (1-3d): Fevers and Headaches
Stage II (2-10d): Skin rashes, Cysts and a fear of sunlight/water
Stage III (7-15d): Greying of skin, violent and erratic behaviour
Stage IV (12-45d): Internal bleeding, Rapid brain death, Comas/Seziures
Stage V (32-280d): Reanimation, Cannibalistic tendancies, decay
Stage VI (195-312d): Fluid build up in lungs, black bile in organs
COLORANS AND SPIRONS
Colorans are a reptilian species that originated on the 
planet berth. Located in the Casina system with another 
rocky planet, Bauren, and a gas giant, Iphen. They 
measure time in (inf - 0) B.C., (0-243) A.T. and (0-inf)
I.T. with the time being 143 I.T. Humans first 
encountered them when the Colorans made contact with the 
voyager probe in 2021. They were a few centuries ahed of 
humanity until they got even after their civilisation was destroyed

Spirons are a silicon-based life form that are large 
rocky husks made of element-124 (Spirium). They 
originated on the planet of Spiratron. With 9 other 
planets and 17 moons in its system named Ereterisa. They 
measure time in A.V.E. and P.V.E. with the year being 
12901 P.V.E. Humans and Colorans made contact them in 
2193 when a spaceship landed on the planet. Although 
they were not space-ferring at the time (due to the 
immense gravity of the superplanet), their technology 
was incredibly advanced.

The planet of Berth is toxic to humans as the atmosphere 
is filled with a gaseous Thalium poison and Spiratron 
with Element-137 (Radioactive gas called Caustium).
AFTER THE DARK AGES
The end of WW4 was met with the treaty of London and the 
Instabul union accords which set out the creaton of the 
New United Nations. Each nation had an obligitary 
promise to revert to some form of non-autocratic 
government within 5-15 years with a term limit of within 
3-6 years. The 2160s - 2190s was met as a period of 
rebuilding as the radiation levels finally dipped to 
pre-WW3 levels in 2197 and the radioactive exclusion 
zones that surrounded almost every pre-WW3 city had been 
finally lifted.

After humanity survived through the nuculear holocaust 
and had fought WW4, a push for a socialist democracy 
(much like one that Karl Marx proposed) became a new 
world movement. The newly humbled humanity had decided 
that it would be best as to eliminate greed in things 
like the economy. Humanity eventually remade contact 
with the Colorans in 2181 and started a the golden age 
of space exploration, which continues on today.
ENERGY EXIBHIT
The need for more powerful energy sources became really 
important in the 2030s/2040s when quantum computers and 
WiFi based charging became mainstream. Originally, energy 
was being mainly produced from renewables. When humanity 
started mining Uranium rich asteroids, it re-ignited a age 
of nuculear technology.

But Nuculear fusion was still a major energy source that 
wasn't invented yet. Reguardless of the geopolitical 
events of the late 21st century, teams still tried to 
create this promising technology. It was delayed for about 
150 years as anti-fusion sentiment ran through society due 
to apocalypse. Fusion was finally invented in 2245 and has 
become the largest method of energy.
SPACE TRAVEL EXIBHIT
Over the 21st century, the prospects of a interstellar 
humanity came a real idea. It started in 2027 when SpaceX 
landed the first human mission to mars. 2031 marked the 
first people to land on the moon since apollo and 2042 
marked the colonisation of venus and mercury. Titan came 
next in 2053 but at this time, a war on the moon (now 
named luna and the first war in space) stopped further 
efforts.

Once the bombs fell, the colonies had to rely on a system 
of self-sutaining and eventually developed nations when 
people from earth had decided to come back. Once the 
Spirons were discovered, it started the golden age of 
space exploration. Humanity has now colonised 48 star 
systems. The furthest any human has been from earth is 53ly
DARK AGE SOLAR SYSTEM EXIBHIT
After Earth lost connection with it's colonies, venusian,
mercurian, martian and titanese colonies were left to 
their own devices. They still were able to communicate 
with each other through the little they had. Eventually, 
venusian, mercurian and lunar colonies joined into the 
union of inner planets. Mars became it's own country, 
titan became a empire obesessed with expansion, moving 
into uranus, saturn and the other moons. The Titanese 
empire split up in 2156 when they lost a war with mars, 
splitting into the union of moons (all of their 
moon-based colonies), The kuiper federation (gas 
giant/Oort cloud territories) and Titan.

Earth made contact with these colonies in 2167 and 
negotiated in the New Outer Space treaty that the sun, 
neptune, jupiter and all dwarf planets are international 
zones and the asteroid belt, all planets past neptune 
and all systems past 24ly of earth are non-soverign 
zones for colonisation.
EMERGENCE PERIOD
Though the apocalypse almost destroyed the human race 
and obliterated it's technology, it didn't stop people 
from living through the conflict. During the 5 decades 
following WW3, there was no civilisation that had land 
larger than 20km and it stayed that way for a while. But 
as the fallout began to dissapate in the 2130s and 40s, 
humans were able to build up bigger societies resulting 
in empires, governments and nations. The progression 
went so quickly from city states to international war in 
20 years. Some democracies only had 1-3 leaders before 
getting annexed into bigger leaders. Few peices of 
technology that remained was barely the most advanced 
tech of the day with a majority of it being semi-industrial.
WW4
As the world began to develop and large nations began 
developing, the world began to be gripped with tensions 
over borderlands like Europe, Asia minor, North africa 
and Central america. War broke out in 2149 and every 
country went all at eachother.

World war 4 caused the most casualties (Taking out the 
nuculear armageddon in WW3) with men and women dying in 
trenches filled with radioactive water and snow from the 
nuculear winter. The war took so long and was so 
devestating that the countries decided to make peace in 
2163 after they had run out of rescourses.

One of the most significant battles came when a quote 
from einstein came true when troops at a hill in france 
ran out of supplies. Since they had no food, no medical 
services and no ammunition, they resorted to beating 
with sticks and hurling stones at eachother.
SOVIETS
The Neo-Soviet union was the next nation to sucseed 
russia. It was formed from the remainders of russian 
people who wanted to restore the glory of Lenin and 
Marx. They had conqored up to where the iron curtain was 
before and then they came int ocontact with the west and 
fought over europe with Oceana and Arabia. The furthest 
they got was to scotland and they got pushed back to 
moscow at one point. After the peace deal, they were 
given full control over europe exept for iceland and new Instabul.

The country was the most reluctant to pick up democracy 
with it being the last out of all the nations. But after 
protests, they finally flipped the switch in 2178 with a 
6 year term limit. Due to it now controlling most of a 
territory that was anti-russia, it slowly left the 
extremist veiws of communisim and walked closer toward 
modesty.
THE 2ND GREAT DEPRESSION
During the Chinese civil war (2058-2065), the economy c
ould not of been better. Most countries had a spike in 
stock price due to the constant production of materials. 
But in 2063, the city, with the largest stock exchange, 
of shanghai declared independence from a now heavily 
communist china and had started a seige situation. It 
eventually got to a point where the city was fire bombed 
and it got onto the main city area, destroying the stock 
exchange computer building and erasing 4.8 Trillion 
dollars worth of shares, bonds and cash. The (all ords) 
stock price dropped from 8067 to 1235. Immediately, 
anyone that was from the middle class were now 
practically homeless. This desemated the economy and led 
to the world being locked in a state of rising tensions. 
The UN collapsed in 2068 and all countries started 
picking sides.
THE TECHNOLOGICAL REVOLUTION
With the invention of mainstream quantum computing, 
humanity was sent into an era of technological progress. 
In only 40 years, it went from a smartphone to a 
holographic interface built into your eyes. It took even 
less time to put humans on 8 celestial bodies and 500 
asteroids. Precious material that were used to make 
computers like platnum, silicon, silver and gold became 
so commonplace from asteroid mining that most money was 
made from gold and silver. These precious metals created 
a positive feedback loop where computers became as 
costly as paper and were being mass produced to mine 
more asteroids more efficiently. The development of 
technology was really shown when humanity had a full-on 
war on the moon in the late 2040s.
THE FALL INTO THE MODERN DARK AGES
The fall truly began with 4 events: The completion of 
the belt and road initiative, the reveiwing of the 
antartic/outer space treaty, the china stand and the 
death of Vladimir Putin

It all started in 2032, when the russian leader died of 
old age. The sucsessor of Putin was a bit ticked off and 
completely got rid of any form of democracy left from 
his reign and completed russia's transition from the 2 
extremes - from communisim to facisim.

In 2036, the largest continuous road, from Santiago, 
Chille to London, England was finished by the Chinese 
Government. This immense power combined with it's 
massive global influenced allowed china to become the 
school bully of the world playground, acting out on any 
country that disobeyed their world order.

The Outer space treaty and the Antartic treaty came up 
for a reveiw in 2048 and sparked a war in antartica over 
who owns the large oil feilds and a war on the moon over 
the massive amount of Helium-3 deposits.

This all came to a head in 2056 when a large group of 
pacific nation got fed up with the political 
maniputlation and began the china stand, where china was 
put under trade embargo and the civil war in china began 
with another in the US as a result of rising tensions.